Create ui-c8y-1021-22-138-map-in-tracking-tab-not-being-displayed-in-mobile-browser.md (#4037)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1021-22-138-map-in-tracking-tab-not-being-displayed-in-mobile-browser.md

---
date: ""

> title: Map on Tracking tab was not displayed in mobile browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Map on Tracking tab correctly displayed on mobile devices
```

> title: Map in tracking tab not being displayed in mobile browser

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Map on Tracking tab was not displayed in mobile browser
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-5167
version: 1021.22.138
---

> Co-authored-by: Bozhidar Dedov <95280800+bozhidardedov@users.noreply.github.com>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The map on the **Tracking** tab was not being displayed when accessing the application through a mobile browser, impacting the user experience for mobile users. With this change, the map is now correctly rendered also on mobile devices.
```

> The map on the **Tracking** tab was not being displayed when accessing the application through a mobile browser, impacting the user experience for mobile users. With this change, the map is now correctly rendered also on mobile devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the map on the **Tracking** tab was not displayed when accessing the Device Management application through a mobile browser, impacting the user experience for mobile users. With this change, the map is now also correctly rendered on mobile devices.
```
